Added a warning if primary config is missing _self_ (#1756)
facebookresearch/hydra: website/docs/tutorials/structured_config/5_schema.md

defaults:
  - base_config
  - db: mysql

>   # See composition order note

Author: Will not fit in the box.

```yaml title="db/postgresql.yaml" {2}
defaults:
  - /database_lib/db/postgresql@_here_

>   # See composition order note  

Author: This will not fit in the box.

- we override the package to `_here_` to ensure that the package of the schema is the same as the package 
  of the config it's validating.

### A Note about composition order
Hydra 1.1 appends `_self_` to the end of the Defaults List by default. This behavior makes sense in cases described in this page.
This behavior is new in Hydra 1.1, and as such Hydra 1.1 will issue a warning if `_self_` i s not specified **in the primary config**, asking you to add `_self_` and thus indicate the desired composition order.

> Yo make the warning go away, append `_self_` to the end of the Defaults List. Note that in some cases you may want to add `_self_` directly after the schema and before other Defaults List elements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To address the warning, append `_self_` to the end of the Defaults List. Note that in some cases you may want to add `_self_` directly after the schema and before other Defaults List elements. 
```
